I think every command has a list of either collateral duties or jobs that
may be coming available at the command, and I think that's key to
to be in communication with that. If it's something a new role that
you potentially may qualify for at the command basis, apply for it.
If it's something outside the command, something that comes out Navy
messaging sometimes sends out things. For instance, there's a message
looking for, um, interns working for the justice system up in D.
C. If that seems to something that you would fit, you can apply for
those types of things talking your chain of command, getting that
sometimes you look for foreign service officers, maybe you speak a different
language, and that's something that you'd be interested in.
So you would again just go through the channels that air within the
Navy message and apply for those opportunities